docs: w3filecoin feedback changes (#75)
web3-storage/specs: w3-filecoin.md

| Name          | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |

> | Storefront    | [Principal] identified by a DID, representing a storage API like web3.storage |

Reviewer: Good point, I don't think we need to captured our implementation details in the spec.

| Aggregator    | [Principal] identified by a DID, representing a storage aggregator like w3filecoin |
| Dealer        | [Principal] identified by a DID, that arranges filecoin deals with storage providers. e.g. Spade |

> | Deal Tracker  | [Principal] identified by a DID, that tracks deals made by the Dealer |

Reviewer: I agree and I think deal tracker is a better name. I think "deal monitor" maybe even better one.

> | Deal Tracker  | [Principal] identified by a DID, that tracks deals made by the Dealer |

Reviewer 2: I think this makes sense. I have actually been calling it Deal Tracker for the project. I think monitoring might create confusion with the monitoring/alerting stuff for SLA, so here I would stick to "Deal Tracker"

### Storefront

> A _Storefront_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID (typically a [`did:web`] identifier).

Author: Can we give a reason for this?

Reviewer: Intention is to allow storefront perform a key rotation without coordinating it with other actors in the system. That said I think it would make more sense to say

```suggestion
A _Storefront_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID. It is RECOMMENDED to use  [`did:web`] identifier so that underlaying keys could be rotated without coordinating with other actors. 
```

A Storefront facilitates data storage services to applications and users, getting the requested data stored into Filecoin deals asynchronously.

### Aggregator

> An _Aggregator_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID (typically a `did:key` identifier).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An _Aggregator_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID. It is RECOMMENDED to use use [`did:key`] identifier as   due to their stateless nature. 
```

An Aggregator facilitates data storage into Filecoin deals by aggregating smaller data (Filecoin Pieces) into a larger piece that can effectively be stored with a Filecoin Storage Provider using [Verifiable Data Aggregation
](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FRCs/frc-0058.md).

### Dealer

A _Dealer_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID (typically a `did:key` identifier) that arranges deals for the aggregates submitted by _Storefront_.

### Deal Tracker

A _Deal Tracker_ is a type of [principal] identified by a DID (typically a `did:key` identifier) that follows the filecoin chain to keep track of successful deals.

# Protocol

## Overview

> A Storefront is a service that ensures content addressed user/application data is stored perpetually on the decentralized web. A Storefront ingests user/application data and replicates it across various storage systems, including Filecoin Storage Providers. Content supplied to a Storefront can be of arbitrary size, while (Filecoin) Storage Providers demand large (>= 16GiB) content pieces.  To align supply and demand requirements, the aggregator accumulates supplied content pieces into a larger verifiable aggregate pieces per [FRC-0058](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FRCs/frc-0058.md) that can be stored by Storage Providers.

Author: Do we need to say "web2 to web3 bridge"?

Reviewer: I think proposed version reads better.
